Slime
	Move: Randomly moves, always.
	Attack: Attacks if it wanders into player.

Skeleton/Zombie
	Move: Will chase if player is close.
	Attack: Attacks player if able.

Imp
	Move: Will try to maintain a 3 space distance from the player.
	Attack: Shoots 2 spc/turn fireballs.

Mole
	Move:	On odd turns, Will dig underground and show a dirt pile 0-5 spaces from previous location.
		On even turns, will pop up from dirt pile.
	Attack: Will attack player if player is on top of or adjacent to dirt pile when it pops up.
		Will move player if pops up underneath.
	Extra: Cannot be hurt when underground.

Living Armor
	Move: Will chase player if near. Moves slowly.
	Attack: Will attack player if able.
	Extra: Carries a shield. Cannot be hurt from direction the shield is facing.

Leaper
	Move: Will chase player if near. Can instantly move 1-5 spaces in a straight line to attack player.
	Attack: Will leap at player and attack player if able.

Treasure Imp
	Move:	Will run from player if close. Moves Quickly.
	Attack: None.
	Extra:	Will ALWAYS drop an item when killed and money.

Cultist
	Move: Will try to stay close to enemies. Runs if player is close.
	Attack: None.
	Extra: Heals enemies.

Statue
	Move: None.
	Attack: Will constantly shoot projectiles in the direction it is facing.

Bomb Imp
	Move: Will chase player if near.
	Attack: Will suicide explode if next to player, damaging everything around it.
	Extra: Will explode when killed, damaging everything around it.

Scavenger
	Move: Will chase player if near. Will try to align itself with player when engaged.
	Attack: If aligned with player and NOT adjacent, will shoot projectiles. If adjacent to player, will attack with melee.
	Extra: "Looks like an imp with robot parts similar to what the player has attached to it."
		High chance to drop loot.

Competitor
	Move: Will chase player/monsters if near. Will try to align itself with player/monsters when engaged.
	Attack: If aligned with player/monster and NOT adjacent, will shoot projectiles. If adjacent to player/monster, will attack with melee.
	Extra: "Evil looking robot that looks fairly similar to the player. Implies other robots similar to the player exist in the dungeon; though, not necessarily friendly."
		High chance to drop loot and lots of money.

Collaborator
	Move: Will move randomly but chase monsters if they are near.
	Attack: If aligned with monster and NOT adjacent, will shoot projectiles. If adjacent to monster, will attack with melee.
	Extra: "Is a friendly looking robot that implies other robots similar to the player exist in the dungeon that are friendly."

Spider
	Move: Will move slowly and randomly.
	Attack: WIll attack player if able.
	Extra: "Spiders. Have to have them."
		Will lay eggs if player is near but can't melee.
Eggs
	Move: None.
	Attack: None.
	Extra: After many turns will break and spawn a few spider hatchlings.
Spider Hatchlings
	Move: Will chase player wherever. Moves quickly.
	Attack: Will attack player if able.